README.md, before:

## kanon.kommons
Various extension methods and extension properties and utilities for the Kotlin programming language.

## Word of Caution
**Please note that this library is still very experimental, and still in the development phase, and thus, MINOR versions can contain breaking changes.**

Currently, the only thing that's unlikely to be changed (except for additions of features) is the `Paths.kt` file.

If you are unsure if something you're using may have changed when updating, or you just want to get a better understanding of *what* has changed, and *how* it's changed, please read the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md).

## What this library adds
- Extension methods & properties for the `Path.java` class to make it less clunky to use. The available extensions are *all* of the methods available in `Files.java` and some additional ones. *(These extensions may be given their own library at a later point.)*
- Extension methods & properties for classes that reside in `org.w3c.dom` to make them work better with the Kotlin syntatic sugar.

## Installation

Gradle

- Groovy

  ```groovy
  repositories {
      jcenter()
  }
  
  dependencies {
      implementation "moe.kanon.kommons:kanon.kommons:0.6.0"
  }
  ```

- Kotlin

  ```kotlin
  repositories {
      jcenter()
  }
  
  dependencies {
      implementation(group = "moe.kanon.kommons", name = "moe.kanon", version = "0.6.0")
  }
  ```

Maven

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>moe.kanon.kommons</groupId>
  <artifactId>kanon.kommons</artifactId>
  <version>0.6.0</version>
  <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```

## License

````
Copyright 2019 Oliver Berg

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
````

Commit message:

Added credits and created some tests.
Signed-off-by: Olivki <oliver@berg.moe>

README.md, after:

## kanon.kommons
Various extension methods and extension properties and utilities for the Kotlin programming language.

## Word of Caution
**Please note that this library is still very experimental, and still in the development phase, and thus, MINOR versions can contain breaking changes.**

Currently, the only thing that's unlikely to be changed (except for additions of features) is the `Paths.kt` file.

If you are unsure if something you're using may have changed when updating, or you just want to get a better understanding of *what* has changed, and *how* it's changed, please read the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md).

## Credits

- [Commons Lang 3](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/) by the [Apache Software Foundation](https://www.apache.org/).

  - [Booleans.kt](https://gitlab.com/Olivki/kanon-kommons/blob/master/src/main/kotlin/lang/Booleans.kt#L47) is taken from [BooleanUtils.java](https://github.com/apache/commons-lang/blob/master/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/lang3/BooleanUtils.java#L546).

  `Commons Lang 3` is under the Apache 2.0 License.

- [Humanizer.jvm](https://github.com/MehdiK/Humanizer.jvm) by [MehdiK](https://github.com/MehdiK).

  - Various functions and classes from the `/lang/humanize` package. 

  `Humanizer.jvm` is under the Apache 2.0 License.

## What this library adds
- Extension methods & properties for the `Path.java` class to make it less clunky to use. The available extensions are *all* of the methods available in `Files.java` and some additional ones. *(These extensions may be given their own library at a later point.)*
- Extension methods & properties for classes that reside in `org.w3c.dom` to make them work better with the Kotlin syntatic sugar.

## Installation

Gradle

- Groovy

  ```groovy
  repositories {
      jcenter()
  }
  
  dependencies {
      implementation "moe.kanon.kommons:kanon.kommons:0.6.0"
  }
  ```

- Kotlin

  ```kotlin
  repositories {
      jcenter()
  }
  
  dependencies {
      implementation(group = "moe.kanon.kommons", name = "moe.kanon", version = "0.6.0")
  }
  ```

Maven

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>moe.kanon.kommons</groupId>
  <artifactId>kanon.kommons</artifactId>
  <version>0.6.0</version>
  <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```

## License

````
Copyright 2019 Oliver Berg

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
````
